docs: expand troubleshooting section on clock drift (#46534)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/enroll-resources/desktop-access/troubleshooting.mdx

Common issues and resolution steps.

## Certificate expired or not yet valid

In order for remote desktop access to work correctly, certificates issued by
Teleport must be validated by several different components. If these components
do not agree what the current time is, then you will likely encounter
certificate validation errors which prevent Teleport from working correctly.

These errors can manifest in several different ways depending on which system(s)
have an incorrect system clock.

For example, you may see that Teleport starts a remote desktop session, but that
the login screen on the remote desktop shows an error similar to:

```text
The smartcard certificate used for authentication has expired. Please contact your system administrator.
```

> Alternatively, you may see an error in the Teleport web UI before the remote desktop connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you may see an error in the Teleport Web UI before the remote desktop connection
```

```

Or if this error is displayed in the Web UI before a remote session is opened to your desktop of choice:

```text
Remote error tls expired certificate
```

**Solution:** Check the system clock

Teleport's smartcard certificates are only valid for a short period of time
(roughly 5 minutes). If the system clock on the Teleport auth server and the
target Windows host disagree about the current time, the system may reject the
authentication attempt.

After addressing the system clock synchronization on Windows, this should be checked on the Auth
Service instance. On Linux systems running systemd, this can be checked with the following command:

```code
$ timedatectl
```

Which should produce the following output:

```
               Local time: Wed 2024-09-11 13:45:17 UTC
           Universal time: Wed 2024-09-11 13:45:17 UTC
                 RTC time: Wed 2024-09-11 13:45:17
                Time zone: Etc/UTC (UTC, +0000)
System clock synchronized: yes
              NTP service: active
          RTC in local TZ: no
```

If `System clock synchronized` is `no`, this would need to be resolved.

> This should also be checked on your Teleport proxies and Teleport agents to get ahead of other issues which relate to system clock drift.

Author: Potential scope-creep. I wonder how people feel about this one

> This should also be checked on your Teleport proxies and Teleport agents to get ahead of other issues which relate to system clock drift.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This should also be checked on your Teleport Proxy Service instances and Teleport Agents to get ahead of other issues which relate to system clock drift.
```
For standard Teleport component naming in the docs
